Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
"Fuyao" by Karen Mok
♫ I start to dance
trippingly and gracefully ♫
♫ For what my beautiful face is frowned? ♫
♫ Without him, I'll drift
with the current ♫
♫ Why is the tune of the
zither a farewell song? ♫
♫ Without me, he'll be
lonely in this universe ♫
♫ My heart silently waits
at the cliff of Firmament ♫
♫ The heaven, the earth, the sun
and the moon are all in my bosom ♫
♫ How can I own the top
freedom in this world? ♫
♫ There is no fear from my heart ♫
♫ Deep love won't hide ♫
♫ True love won't run short ♫
♫ Dreams give hopes through all the ages ♫
♫ Why go through storms and stress
to be bright and beautiful? ♫
♫ There is no struggle from my heart ♫
♫ Swaying along with the wind ♫
♫ I can do anything freely ♫
♫ I enter my dreams easily
and unrestrainedly ♫
♫ What a beautiful dance ♫
~ Episode 2 ~
Your Highness, the King has conferred
you Heir Apparent of Too-Deep.
Is this for real?
What do you think?
Great. Great.
I'll be this king then.
Why did adoptive father spare his life?
And even let him become the heir apparent?
This person is just an idiot. It
can't be that adoptive father...
Yun Hen, have you take care of the matters
that I ordered for you to handle?
All of the troops in the capital have
complied to your order to stay put.
How is the king?
Ever since taking the medicine, the
king has been in a lethargic sleep.
I am afraid that it's hard
for him to wake up again.
But the imperial doctor said that he will definitely
live until the day of the heir apparent's enthronement.
- It's just that—
- It's just that
you don't know why we are
so close to succeeding,
and yet I am stopping
all of a sudden, right?
You must have your reasons.
I've put so much effort into
planning for this long,
and yet I overlooked this only matter.
Even if you killed me,
when the throne is empty, then
the royal power of Too-Deep
will once again go back and
belong to Megrez Nation.
What did you say?
If the royalties die off, then
the nation will also be over.
That's the original rules
set for the five regions.
How would an outsider
like you know about it?
Today, if our Xuanyuan clan dies off,
Too-Deep will then become a swamp nation.
Since we haven't gained Water
Manipulation Technique,
we are only left with the choice of supporting
this idiot heir apparent currently.
About his background, have
you investigated thoroughly?
I already appointed people
to inquire all about it.
They say that this Xuanyuan Min have a wealthy
and comfortable life since he was little.
After the death of the old prince,
he would either just sing around,
or hang out and gamble
with a pack of rogues.
The vast wealth of his family
was gone just like that.
And he even has quite a few debts.
A useless prodigal son like him,
theoretically, is most fitted for
the position of a heir apparent.
It's just that this person is probably
not as simple as what we see.
Does Adoptive Father still
have doubts about him?
The Xuanyuan clan are born with
the ability to manipulate water.
I've tested it earlier.
However, this simplest Water
Manipulation Technique
aside from Xuanyuan clan,
if you learn a bit of Firmament
Technique, you would be able to show it.
Now, the bloodline of Xuanyuan
will be terminated soon.
We can only leave him to be in the
position of the heir apparent.
Appoint someone to find out if
there are any news with Feiyan.
Yes.
Remember.
Before getting any additional information,
this Xuanyuan Min must not go to
Capital Kun to ascend to the throne.
Yes, sir.
Doing laundry as a punishment to me?
A great opportunity for me to test out if
this machine that I just made works well.
Older Sis Fuyao! Older Sis Fuyao!
Hurry! Hurry!
- Hurry and go save Xiaobai!
- What happened to Xiaobai?
It got sick again! It has been
mumbling for most of the day.
If this continues...
Let's hurry and find someone
to take a look at it, okay?
I will go find First Senior Brother!
Why would First Senior Brother
care about things like this?
Let's think of another way.
I think if this goes on, it
won't make it through tonight!
Don't speak nonsense!
I'll think of a solution. You guard here.
You can't be going on the mountain to
pick that flower, right? That flower is...
Lower your volume!
You can't! You can't!
You know already that the flower
grows on the forbidden cliff.
Aside from the leader and a few
elders, no one else is allowed to go!
If you get found out, you will be in big trouble!
Not even First Senior Brother can save you then!
And you know how dangerous that place is!
Stop talking!
This isn't my first time
to the forbidden cliff!
Do you not want to save Xiaobai's life?
Guard here! I will be back soon!
Don't you know the rule of
first come first serve?
My rule is that it belong to
the person who gets it first.
The Kung Fu taught by Mt. Mystic
Soul is not that great after all.
You!
This forbidden cliff of Mt.
Mystic Soul does eat people!
They are just a few vines.
Do you really think I can't get out?
Why don't you try then?
There are a lot of birds
and beasts around here.
In a bit, they will come and
have you as a big meal.
All right. Let's say I lost.
May I ask what I need to do
in order for you to save me?
It'd been much better if you
were this obedient before.
If you give me the flower
now, then I will save you.
Why should I believe you?
Why should you believe me?
Do you have anything to bargain with me?
All right. I am dying no matter what.
Then why don't I just eat
this Baizhi Orchid now?
Don't!
I will save you then!
Hurry!
- Catch it!
- Come on.
Use some strength!
Use your strength!
I am using my strength!
How come you fell down?
I just saved you earlier.
Why are you taking revenge?
You were the one who let go.
Did I do anything?
I didn't do anything.
- I'm leaving.
- Wait a second!
Can you leave the flower behind?
Girl, there is no room
for you to negotiate.
You won't be able to sell this
flower for a lot of money.
I'm using it to save someone's life.
You're on your own. Good luck. See you.
Come back!
Bastard! Come back!
Leave the flower behind! Bastard!
The hunting game concerns the
grand future of our Mystic Soul.
Have you thought it through?
Of course, I understand its importance.
Please rest assured, Father.
In this competition, the different skilled warriors and
nobility from the five regions will all gather here.
You will be the clique leader of
Mystic Soul Clique in the future.
Romantic follies will only drag you down.
You should weigh it yourself.
Father, you're overthinking.
Although I've always shown
excessive care towards Fuyao,
she is still just a slave from the
Mystic Black Section after all.
The pros and cons behind this,
I understand.
This Celestial Fangding is a mythical
item left by the ancient people.
It will only be taken out and offered during
the every 8 years hunting game of our clique.
I've long heard that Mt. Mystic Soul
is hiding a lot of skilled fighters.
That the Hunting Game is an
exciting and spectacular event.
We came this time is a coincidence.
Why don't you stay for a few more days?
At that time, all the Wulin personage of Too-Deep
will come here to watch the competition.
Since I was here in time for it, of course,
I mustn't miss such a grand event.
I'll stay a few more days then.
I think Heir Apparent will
be interested in this, too.
It's also good to see the different
noble warriors of Mt. Mystic Soul.
Adoptive Father, will we really stay here?
But the capital has sent news
that Zhang Henian, Liu Songmin, and other
people are making strange movements.
I fear that trouble might erupt.
Let it erupt then!
Only when chaos starts will we know the
intentions of the different parties.
Am I right?
Who can be used by me and who must die,
it will be very clear by then.
Pei Yuan asks to see the Prime Minister.
I failed to welcome Prime
Minister during your arrival.
Please forgive me, Prime Minister.
There are no outsiders here.
Just drop the troublesome formalities.
Thank you, Uncle.
I know. What are you anxious for?
I've followed your instructions to use my identity as a
disciple of the sect to win over jianghu warriors to our side.
You've worked hard these few years.
You did quite well.
This is what I should do.
Moreover, this Mt. Mystic Soul is indeed a
rich land that's full of illustrious heroes.
My trip here wasn't for vain.
I fear that there's another person that made
your trip here not in vain. Am I right?
Uncle, you're mocking me again.
I've known early on that you're here.
You just waited for a few minutes
and you're already being impatient?
Why are you so dirty?
Quickly go down.
Don't dirty my mat.
It's all because of this.
It is indeed a rare item. I
exerted a lot to get it.
If it's a normal item, how
can it be needed by you?
Open your mouth.
Catch it.
Swallow it.
You've become slower. It's just getting into a
restricted cliff, why did you spend so much time?
Good thing you came back in time. If you came back
later then this flower would of been useless.
I've encountered a troublesome girl.
Did you take care of her?
Since she can enter the restricted cliff, she must be a disciple
of Xuanyuan. Aren't you afraid that she'll recognize you?
I'm think she's quite interesting.
This doesn't seem like you.
Okay already. Let's not talk about that anymore. How
many days will it take for this Baizhilan to work?
You can try it now.
It indeed worked.
Who told you to splash water on my floor?
Your inner energy will be a bit messy
these next few days. Be careful.
Although this baizhilan can only provice some
superficial effects, it's enough to fool Qi Zhen.
He already tested me last time. Good thing, I was
able to resolve it using Qingcang technique.
But with his paranoid characteristic, I fear
that he'll do more tests when we reach Kunjing.
Don't worry, I'll keep you company.
I, the Heir Apparent,
will then take my leave.
I'm leaving.
By the way, there's something else.
Hey... I'm talking to you.
- You shouldn't burn logs like that. You should put in more logs.
- Okay...
- Put more.
- I know already.
- Hurry up!
Fuyao!
Where did you go? How did
you end up like this?
I really just slipped.
Slipped? You can end up in
this state just by slipping?
Really. It really hurts.
Did you cause trouble again?
- I didn't.
- Tell the truth.
- I wouldn't.
- If you say it then I'll hit you!
Uncle Zhou! Uncle Zhou! The front
manor is rushing us again!
The banquet is starting soon,
and we must set the table.
- Right...
- Let's hurry, Uncle Zhou.
Did you hear? The banquet
is starting soon, go serve.
- Hurry and go change your clothes.
- I'll change.
- You, also hurry up.
- Alright. Immediately.
- Did you all hear that? The banquet will be starting soon?
- Sister Fuyao, how about it? Did you get the flower?
- Don't mention it.
- Why not?
Don't mention it!
Did you all hear it?! Be nimble!
What about Xiaobai?
Your Highness Heir Apparent and Prime
Minister came here to our Xuanyuan Mountain.
It is my honor and our
Xuanyuan's great fortune.
Let me offer you two a toast first.
Sect Leader Yan, cheers.
Crown Prince...
Crown Prince, Your Highness...
Drink!
Is everyone offering a toast?
Just do as you like.
- Master.
- Father.
Why are you so late?
Eldest Senior went to check the
food for the banquet earlier.
Hence, we got delayed.
May Teacher forgive us.
My son caused us delay. May Prime
Minister and Heir Apparent forgive him.
Let me introduce them, this is...
Uncle.
Yuan'er, after not seeing you for so
many years, you've grown more energetic.
A few days ago, your aunt was asking
when you will meet her again.
So Prime Minister is your uncle.
Commander Princess, I wasn't able
to give you proper treatment.
Teacher, what are you saying?
Since I've joined the sect,
there then isn't a Commandery Princess
here, just a teacher and his disciple.
Uncle, don't mind it.
Hey, for whom was this banquet today
set up for? It's quite grand.
Important people from Kunjing, one Prime
Minister and the other one is the Heir Apparent.
There's even a Heir Apparent?
I heard that he was originally a royal relative
living in Quandu here in our commandery.
A royal relative from Quandu?
How come it sounds so familiar?
Junior Sister, so you're Lord Qi's niece?
How come you never mentioned it before?
What's there to mention about?
I came here to learn skills.
It's not important what my identity
or status is. In front of you,
I am still me. Come, Eldest Senior.
- I give you a toast.
- Come.
- Sect Leader Yuan.
- Prime Minister.
How old is your son?
My son is about 20 years old.
Is he married?
Not yet.
Prime Minister, you must enjoy yourself
to your heart's content today.
You mustn't leave until you're drunk.
Sect Leader, you are being so polite.
I heard that he was originally a royal relative
from Quandu that's part of our commandery.
Do you know about first come, first serve?
My rule is it belongs to
he whoever gets it first.
Save me. I am Xuanyuan Min, a royal
descendant living in Quandu. Save me.
Something's off.
Heir Apparent is so elegant and handsome.
Even our servant here
can't take her eyes off you.
Hey, maidservant! Come here.
Pour me some wine.
Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
Do you know how to serve people?!
These clothes... I must change them.
Hey, maidservant! You caused this trouble.
Quickly come to help me change my clothing.
Hurry and go.
That person over there. Go
and get me some clothes. Go!
You. Come in with me.
Close the doors.
After parting last time, we meet again.
What is Heir Apparent saying?
I don't understand it.
Are you just really smart
or faking to be naive?
I know already. Heir Apparent
must have met my twin.
She's naturally mischievous and naughty.
If she has offended you,
may you forgive her.
Heir Apparent...
Twin sister?
You're able to make such a lie?
Heir Apparent, could it be...
you didn't notice any
differences between us?
You trickster. You even have such a move?
I already told you that here in Xuanyuan
Mountain, there are traps everywhere.
You really think that
this is an ordinary room?
It is indeed you, little trickster.
Whether I'm a trickster or not,
we can't be sure. But you...
surely is a fake.
- Really?
- Yes.
You probably don't know that only
I saw the real Heir Apparent.
If I tell them now your real identity,
guess if you'll be able to
leave this mountain alive.
What you said is right.
Why don't we make a deal?
If you didn't provoke me, I won't provoke
you too. We both will be alright.
But who told you to steal
my 100 years iris-orchid?
You just want that back?
- Where is my flower?
- I ate it.
Your Highness Heir Apparent,
I've brought you your clothes.
Hey...
If you go out now and expose me,
won't you have achieve great merit?
I still want my flower back. I
won't bring myself trouble.
Your Highness Heir Apparent, please hurry and change your
clothes. They are still waiting for you in the front courtyard.
- What are you doing?
- Too bad, your skills are still too shallow.
You really think that those
chains will be able to bind me?
Your Highness Heir Apparent.
Your Highness Heir Apparent,
don't be like this.
Why are you rushing? I
haven't even undressed.
Your Highness Heir Apparent,
please forgive me.
What was that?
He clearly was a fake Heir Apparent.
Such a bully.
- Sister Fuyao! - What is it? - Xiaobai is a goner soon!
Quickly go check him! - What's wrong with Xiaobai?
- What's wrong with Xiaobai?!
- Hurry!
- Xiaobai!
- Xiaobai...
- Xiaobai, how are you?
Xiaobai, you haven't even
live past the winter yet.
- I won't even be able to taste your meat!
- What are you saying?
- Did we raise Xiaobai just for you to eat it?
If Xlaobai knows you're like this, - Xiaobai...
- how sad will it be?
- What are you two doing?
- Xiaobai...
- Hey! Hey!
- What are you two doing?!
- Please check him!
- Xiaobai...
- Don't know what's wrong with Xiaobai.
- Here.
That was given by Heir Apparent.
He said that it's a miracle drug.
Can that work?
I don't care anymore. Let's just
treat a dead horse like a live one.
- He clearly is a pig!
- Just give it!
Xiaobai, it's time to eat
your medicine. Quick.
- Xiaobai, come.
- Considering that you saved Xiaobai, I won't make you pay for now.
Hey... go back to work.
No. I want to see Xiaobai get better first.
Jeez, Xiaobai has Xiaoqi taking care of it.
Quickly come with me.
- No. I...
- Be obedient.
- Take good care of Xiaobai.
- Okay...
- Hurry!
- Take good care o it.
- Come.
- It's time to take your medicine. You'll be fine afterwards.
- Quickly move.
Have you forgotten that your identity
is Megrez Empire's Crown Prince Wuji?
A crown prince that will unite the five continents in the
future. Your duty is to pacify the unrest in the vassal states.
- And not— - In a leisure travel
and having romantic follies?
Why then did you ask me to give the Immortal Dew I
gave you to a servant from the Xuanyou Section?
Do you know that I had to gather the dew
of 36 different kinds of unique flowers
and took 49 days to make that Immortal Dew?
It's a life-saving medicine for your
future use. But you are quite generous.
What? Of course, one must
return what you steal.
I really am very curious to
what kind of person she is.
I also am very curious.
I really didn't cause trouble.
Did you think that I have something
going on with that Heir Apparent?
I actually wanted to say that
Xuan You Cave has not been busy.
Why don't you rest for a while?
He told me that there's
going to be a competition.
Do you want to go? If you want
to go, I can give you a badge.
Stop stop stop.
You must be ill.
I'll bring Xiaobai's medicine.
Cut it out. You should stop acting tough.
I know you fool around all day,
but you are actually hiding many sorrows.
What is it?
Actually, everyone has a few sorrows
I have been there. You must listen to me.
Don't rely too much on the fact that
Young Master treats you very well.
But you two are not of the same path.
You definitely won't be
able to end together.
His engagement with miss Peiyuan,
- this has already been set.
- Wait.
Who's engaged with who?
At today's banquet,
didn't Prime Minister say to marry
off Miss Pei Yuan to Young Master?
You were there. You should know.
Peiyuan and senior brother?
Yes.
I'll go ask him.
Wait, Fuyao!
Senior brother! Where is he?
Aren't you too audacious?
How could you come to the Xuanzheng
Section without being called?
I'm here to find senior brother.
What use is there in finding him?
Where is he?
Lower down your voice. Before, people here in Xuanzheng
Section wouldn't dare to do anything to you,
that is because Young
Master is protecting you.
Now that Young Master is getting
married with Senior Sister Pei soon,
do you know what kind of important
person is behind Senior Sister Pei?
Please leave soon, otherwise
I'll be punished.
Eldest Senior!
I said it already that
Young Master isn't here.
If you want to find him, go
to Senior Sister Pei's place.
Eldest Senior! Eldest Senior!
Senior Brother, about the
suggestion of Prime Minister,
- I am thinking—
- About this matter...
This matter is too soon to be discussed.
Senior Brother, do you still
have any apprehensions?
Junior Sister, don't overthink. I just
hasn't won the Tiandou Competition yet.
There isn't a space in the
royal court yet for me.
I fear that I might just make you suffer.
Eldest Brother, why must
you belittle yourself?
You surely can easily get the top prize
in a measly Tiandou Competition.
By then, we'll let Prime Minister
head our wedding. Our wedding
will surely become a
major event in Kunjing.
Don't worry. Uncle and
Auntie dotes me a lot.
As long as you come back
with me to Kunjing,
you surely will have a
bright future ahead of you.
What's wrong?
Oh... nothing.
It's becoming windy. Why
don't I take you back?
Okay.
Eldest Senior, no need to chase me anymore.
I'm not your Eldest Senior.
You... How come it's you?
You still were looking forward that it was your
Eldest Senior that's chasing you. Am I right?
Why did you eavesdrop on me?
In this vast world, I just happen to be
there. How can that count as eavesdropping?
Moreover, it wasn't only me who heard it.
I'm very annoyed right now. Don't anger me.
What do you want?
Little girl, I don't care
about your mood right now.
We must have a closure on
what happened this morning.
You want to silence me?
What celebratory day is today?
First, I blocked Eldest Senior future.
Next, I learned about your secret.
You want to kill me?
I'm just a slave from the Xuanyou Section,
yet I've become a stumbling stone
for major people like you.
Fine. Just kill me then.
You want to die that much?
Is what I think that important?
Just do it.
What's that thing?
Hurry!
Timing and Subtitles brought to you
by Fuyao's Court Team @ Viki.com
"Hard-to-Get Love" by Lala Hsu
♫ What do you know? ♫
♫ What are good about the three realms? ♫
♫ If there're no three poisons,
if there're no worries, ♫
♫ How can it make me reluctant to leave? ♫
♫ Worry for love, beg for hate, ♫
♫ And even discard my soul for affection ♫
♫ The one, who asks me
to love him, loves me ♫
♫ I only want him to love me ♫
♫ What do you use to exchange
for this hard-to-get love? ♫
♫ If there's no sickness or weakness,
if there's never oldness, ♫
♫ How can it make a spark to
chase after stars alone? ♫
♫ Slim down for him, stay for my heart ♫
♫ And even chase away all luck for dreams ♫
♫ It wants me to be so pretty
that I seize his soul ♫
♫ And continue dazzling in his heart ♫
♫ There is a saying that what a
person asks for the lifetime ♫
♫ Is no more than staying together
with one's lover by any means ♫
♫ If one can't obtain what one asks for, ♫
♫ one is filled with anxiety
and with knitted brows ♫
♫ There is a saying that if a person
asks for the next lifetime, ♫
♫ one should only ask to know
everything about warfare ♫
♫ Dreams beg heart to grant me love ♫
♫ And have someone's company
for the rest of my life ♫
♫ Have someone's company ♫
♫ There is a saying that what a
person asks for the lifetime ♫
♫ Is no more than staying together
with one's lover by any means ♫
♫ If one can't obtain what one asks for, ♫
♫ one is filled with anxiety
and with knitted brows ♫
♫ There is a saying that if a person
asks for the next lifetime, ♫
♫ one should only ask to know
everything about warfare ♫
♫ Dreams beg heart to grant me love ♫
♫ And have someone's company
for the rest of my life ♫